README.md, before:

# Ansible Role: Timezone [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/manala/ansible-role-timezone.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/manala/ansible-role-timezone)

:exclamation: [Report issues](https://github.com/manala/ansible-roles/issues) and [send Pull Requests](https://github.com/manala/ansible-roles/pulls) in the [main Ansible Role repository](https://github.com/manala/ansible-roles) :exclamation:

This role will deal with the setup of Timezone.

It's part of the [Manala Ansible stack](http://www.manala.io) but can be used as a stand alone component.

## Requirements

None.

## Dependencies

None.

## Installation

### Ansible 2+

Using ansible galaxy cli:

```bash
ansible-galaxy install manala.timezone
```

Using ansible galaxy requirements file:

```yaml
- src: manala.timezone
```

## Role Handlers

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|dpkg-reconfigure tzdata|Command|Reconfigure tzdata|

## Role Variables

|Name|Default|Type|Description|
|----|-------|----|-----------|
|manala_timezone_default|Etc/UTC|String|Timezone|

### Configuration example

```yaml
manala_timezone_default: Europe/Paris
```

## Example playbook

```yaml
- hosts: servers
  roles:
    - { role: manala.timezone }
```

# Licence

MIT

# Author information

Manala [**(http://www.manala.io/)**](http://www.manala.io)

Commit message:

Deprecation readme (#577)
* deprecation in favor of collection

* definitive deprecation

README.md, after:

#######################################################################################################

# :exclamation: DEPRECATION :exclamation:

## This repository and the role associated are deprecated in favor of the [Manala Ansible Collection](https://galaxy.ansible.com/manala/roles)

## You will find informations on its usage on the [collection repository](https://github.com/manala/ansible-roles)

#######################################################################################################

# Ansible Role: Timezone [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/manala/ansible-role-timezone.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/manala/ansible-role-timezone)

:exclamation: [Report issues](https://github.com/manala/ansible-roles/issues) and [send Pull Requests](https://github.com/manala/ansible-roles/pulls) in the [main Ansible Role repository](https://github.com/manala/ansible-roles) :exclamation:

This role will deal with the setup of Timezone.

It's part of the [Manala Ansible stack](http://www.manala.io) but can be used as a stand alone component.

## Requirements

None.

## Dependencies

None.

## Installation

### Ansible 2+

Using ansible galaxy cli:

```bash
ansible-galaxy install manala.timezone
```

Using ansible galaxy requirements file:

```yaml
- src: manala.timezone
```

## Role Handlers

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|dpkg-reconfigure tzdata|Command|Reconfigure tzdata|

## Role Variables

|Name|Default|Type|Description|
|----|-------|----|-----------|
|manala_timezone_default|Etc/UTC|String|Timezone|

### Configuration example

```yaml
manala_timezone_default: Europe/Paris
```

## Example playbook

```yaml
- hosts: servers
  roles:
    - { role: manala.timezone }
```

# Licence

MIT

# Author information

Manala [**(http://www.manala.io/)**](http://www.manala.io)
